# Workshop for this step

See http://swapp.angularbootcamp.com/

For the workshops, let's pretend that you have been hired to build a
character selection screen for a video game. The application will need
to accept a character name, present the user with some preconfigured
"archetypes", allow the user to filter the archetypes, and allow the
user to select one.

For this phase of the project, your customer has asked to see a
static, non-interactive "wireframe" outlining the major components of
the character selection screen. This is to be done using Angular
components.

If you find the video game character selection screen unappealing,
talk with the instructor, who can explain how you could build
something analogous (with the same features, working the same way),
but with some different problem domain you find more appealing.

## Cloud 9 users, read this

If you used our Cloud 9 setup script at the start of class, you already
have everything set up. Skip to step 2.

To run the Angular CLI "serve" command on Cloud 9, cd to the directory
of your CLI-based project, then run:

```
ng serve --port 8081 --live-reload-port 8082
```

Use Preview to obtain the URL, and add :8081 on the end. By using
these options, "ng serve" will not conflict with the "live-server" you
are using for the rest of the class content.

## Step 0: Node 5 or better

Install Node 6.x. The older Node 4 does not meet Angular
prerequisites.

## Step 1: Get the Tools

To create an Angular application from scratch, you will need to use
the Angular CLI, a command-line tool for quickly generating an Angular
project. The Angular CLI tool is available on npm. To install it,
issue the following command from your OS terminal:

```
npm install -g angular-cli@latest
```
//Maintaining and serving an Angular 2 app (a little like Yeoman)

The above command will add the Angular CLI tool to your computer and
make it accessible from the command line.

## Step 2: Create an Angular Project

Use your terminal to navigate to the desired location for your new
project. Once you are there, type the following command:

```
ng new charApp  (workshop-app)
```

This command will create a new folder for your project and initialize
an Angular application within it.

## Step 3: Start your application

At this point, on Windows you will need to switch to a terminal with
Admin rights. If you are not on Windows, you can continue with your
current terminal.

Change directories into the charApp folder that was generated by the
CLI and issue the following commands:

```
cd charApp
# Workaround as of June 2016 for a bug in CLI beta 8:
npm install
npm install exists-sync
ng serve
```

Once the terminal reports that a server is listening for incoming
traffic and no longer appears to be "working", the application is
ready to load. (You should see something about
BroccoliTypescriptCompiler on the last line.)

Open a browser and navigate to http://localhost:4200/

You should see the resulting application.

## Step 4: Add Components to the application

To do this you will need to identify the primary visual "sections" of
your application. Generally, each group of visually/functionally
related items is represented by a single component. We will help out
for this step and explain which components you need.

To create a new component, we will use the CLI again. Issue the
following commands from the terminal:

```
ng generate component characterName
ng generate component archetypeFilter
ng generate component archetypeList
ng generate component archetypeCard
```

## Step 5: Place the Components in the Correct Place

Now that you have some components, it is up to you to place them in
the correct location. Modify the generated HTML files so that the
components are placed in the correct position to satisfy the visual
needs of the requested application's behavior.

## Step 6: Add Static Content to Finish Wireframe Design

Revisit http://swapp.angularbootcamp.com/ for an example of what types
of visual elements should be present in each component. Add these
elements to the corresponding component HTML. These need not function
in any way. This step is to add the necessary HTML. You will
"Angularize" it in upcoming workshops. These elements need not be
stylized. Please focus first on having all of the elements needed and
that they are somewhat semantically correct. If you have time later,
you can go back and style them.

## Step 7: Experiment with other CLI Commands

You can also experiment with several other commands, now or
later in the development workshops:

```
ng build
ng test
ng lint
```
